Tiva C Series LED Controller WITH UART, KEYPAD SWITCH AND SEVEN SEGMENT DISPLAY
This project implements a LED controller using a Tiva C Series microcontroller. It allows controlling the color and blinking behavior of an LED using input from a switch, keypad or UART console.

Table of Contents
Overview
Dependencies
Building and Running
Usage
Function Description

Overview
The code consists of C files for initializing the Tiva C Series microcontroller, configuring GPIO pins to control the LED, setting up UART communication for console input, and implementing functions for LED control, keypad input handling, and UART command processing.

Dependencies
TivaWare C Series
Building and Running
Clone the repository or download the source code files.
Set up the development environment with TivaWare C Series installed.
Compile the code using your preferred compiler (e.g., Code Composer Studio, GCC).
Flash the compiled binary onto the Tiva C Series microcontroller.

Usage
Connect the Tiva C Series microcontroller and the Eduram Board.
Power on the microcontroller.
Use the keypad or UART console to control the LED color and blinking behavior.

Function Description
void LED_init()
Initializes GPIO pins for LED control.

void UART0_init()
Initializes UART communication for console input.

void SSD_init()
Initializes GPIO pins for controlling the seven-segment display.

void OutCRLF()
Outputs carriage return and line feed characters.

unsigned char UART_InChar()
Receives a character from UART.

void UART_OutChar(unsigned char data)
Sends a character through UART.

void UART_OutString(char *pt)
Sends a string through UART.

void UART_InString(char *bufPt, uint16_t max)
Receives a string from UART.

void LED_off()
Turns off the LED.

void delayMs(int n)
Delays execution for a specified number of milliseconds.

void Debounce_Delay(int n)
Delays execution for debouncing keypad input.

void switch_press()
Handles switch presses for LED color switching and blinking rate adjustment.

void Clear_InpBuff()
Clears the input buffer.

Contributing
